Hello YouTubers, I am back from my vacation
and I am going to be doing more videos for
you.
First, I want to make some announcements,
the producers of this video series in the
ashram told me that they are unable to upload
any more videos on the friend’s section
for whatever reason so what is going to happen
hereafter is there will be only one channel
so all my videos will be uploaded in the public
channel so that’s the first announcement.
The second one is that I have a desire that
my videos should be useful for people from
more than just being an intellectual entertainment.
I know that the techniques that I talk about
work, they have been given to us by the Yogis
and the Siddhas who have meditated hundreds
and thousands of years in order to find out
what can help humanity, human suffering, illness
and so forth.
So I want you to take this teachings seriously
and also make other people to know about this;
up until now you may have seen that I have
never subscribed to any channel and I have
never asked anyone to subscribe to my channel.
But I just now decided to ask people who watch
my videos to subscribe and to rate because
I understand that this would help YouTube
to make a decision to feature my videos which
will allow the videos to be seen by a large
number of people.
I have a number of things that I wanted to
do for the new set of video.
I was in New York and I filmed some videos
with an actress just graduated from school.
This to dramatically present my teachings
in appropriate contest.
I think this will be useful for people who
are unable to concentrate on just a teaching
video but something seen in a more lively
and entertainment oriented setting.
I have made about 7 videos, all at the Central
Park in Manhattan.
So this would be available, I am very delighted
about it.
Also another announcement is an attempt being
made in San Francisco by my devotees to present
my teachings on Astrology, also in a dramatic
contest.
So these things are going to be forthcoming
and I am very happy to announce these things.